Static DNR rules with unrecognized keys loaded (#34522)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/manifest.json/declarative_net_request/index.md

Specify static rulesets for use with {{WebExtAPIRef("declarativeNetRequest")}}. See <a href="/en-US/docs/Mozilla/Add-ons/WebExtensions/API/declarativeNetRequest#permissions">Permissions</a> for more information on permission requirements.

> > **Note:** When a rules file contains unrecognized properties, these properties are ignored, and all otherwise valid rules are loaded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When a rules file contains unrecognized properties, these properties are ignored, and all otherwise valid rules are loaded. Before Firefox 128, rules with unrecognized properties were considered invalid.
```

Author: ```suggestion
> **Note:** When a rules file contains unrecognized properties, these properties are ignored, and all otherwise valid rules are loaded.  Before Firefox 128, rules files with unrecognized properties were considered invalid and not loaded.
```

> > **Note:** When a rules file contains unrecognized properties, these properties are ignored, and all otherwise valid rules are loaded. Before Firefox 128, rules files with unrecognized properties were considered invalid and not loaded.

Reviewer: This has a different meaning compared to what I suggested before.

A rules file can contain multiple rule objects. Each rule object can be validated independently of other rules. If a rule has an invalid property, it is ignored. Before 128, the presence of an unrecognized property made the rule invalid (but not the whole ruleset - remember that each rule is validated independently). Starting from 128, such unrecognized properties do not invalidate the rule on its own - if otherwise valid, it is accepted.

Author: Thanks @Rob--W, in which case the release note was incorrect - fixed both
```suggestion
> **Note:** A rule containing unrecognized properties is loaded if it is otherwise valid, that is, unrecognized properties are ignored. Before Firefox 128, a rule with unrecognized properties was considered invalid and not loaded.
```
